oh
i'm so excited to do the tech news day
i'm practically bursting here i don't
believe you
apple is continuing its streak of subtly
announcing new products on its website
with the new 16-inch macbook pro and of
course mkbhd already has a video up
about it
but that's another here nor there the
new model replaces the 15-inch macbook
pro in apple's lineup with a 9th gen 6
or 8th core intel processor up to 64
gigabytes of memory and up to eight
terabytes of storage and the radeon
5300m or 5500m gpus max though it can
cost you 6100 usd
but the truly big news here apple got
rid of their stupid butterfly keyboard
instead they reinvented their existing
scissor switch based magic keyboard from
their desktop machines and stuck it into
this one they also brought back the
escape key jesus and it made the laptop
slightly thicker to accommodate a bigger
battery for 11 hours of battery life
apple listening to their critics and
making changes that prioritize
functional reform what timeline is this
oh it's the one where phil shiller said
that kids use chromebooks won't succeed
there it is intel is in hot water after
they didn't quite tell the truth
concerning vulnerabilities in their
processors you see researchers told
intel back in september 2018 about a
series of flaws collectively known as
zombieload intel refers to them as mds
intel told the researchers to not
disclose the vulnerabilities until they
could develop a patch you know that's
fair in may 2019 intel released a patch
saying the flaws were fixed but not all
of them were
intel asked the researchers to stay
quiet again until yesterday when the
company said another flaw was discovered
and they fixed that now too but the
researchers say that's still not the
whole picture
serious mds vulnerabilities persist
in intel processors
that the company has known about since
may the researchers have now decided to
go public suck it intel
they're hoping it'll finally light a
fire under intel's butt disclosing and
patching security flaws is obviously a
delicate balance between public
awareness and public safety but intel's
had more than a year to figure this out
that's that's not even
lose marks for lateness situation that's
just a fail
[Applause]
and facebook's having some trouble
getting regulatory approval for its
libra cryptocurrency so the house of
zuckerberg is just launching a less
complicated digital payment system
facebook pay is essentially the
company's version of venmo allowing
users of facebook and facebook messenger
naturally to buy in-game purchases
apparently those games event tickets and
products from businesses as well as send
and receive money directly from other
users support for whatsapp and instagram
will apparently be added in the future
i'm sure we can trust facebook with our
money right i mean yeah the ios facebook
app was just caught activating phone
cameras while people were simply
scrolling through the facebook app but
they said that was a bug yeah it was
just a bug guys
it's fine
you shall be assimilated
now it's time for the quick bits brought
to you by honey the shopping tool that
finds the best promo codes wherever you
shop online at specific sites for those
of you that don't know what honey is get
with the program it's a free browser
extension for chrome firefox and safari
that saves you time and money when
shopping online at over 30 000 stores
including amazon ebay new egg razor best
buy walmart and more i didn't even know
there were more those of you downloaded
honey from our link have already saved
over a hundred thousand dollars in the
past few months alone there's literally
no reason not to install it so get honey
for free right now
at joinhoney.com techlinked i've never
seen a bit so quick that it could out
quick a bit quick
no leaks of the motorola razer foldable
phone popped up today just hours before
motorola will be launching it for real
this evening by the time this video goes
up you may have a better idea of what it
is than we do right now
so let us know what's it like does it
look okay do i do i need it
i need it i'm out of here while google
claims their medical data collection
initiative known as project nightingale
is all completely above board the u.s
department of health and human services
has initiated an investigation just to
make sure despite the fact that patients
didn't know their data was being sucked
up google says it's not a big deal guys
don't worry about it meanwhile google
also is working on a banking initiative
called cash
with a ch
i don't know guys this is getting really
dystopian really fast it's fine
at least there's facebook and google at
least there's two yeah we'll have two
and amazon no and wechat new streaming
service disney plus launched yesterday
and promptly gathered more than 10
million signups across canada the us and
the netherlands the dark shadowlands
the nether regions for context netflix
has about 60 million subscribers in the
us but that's after years of operation
so things are looking pretty good for
the mouse house right about now although
a big chunk of users might just call it
quits after the free one week trial
expires if they don't fix all the issues
that are cropping up like how david's
chromecast doesn't work
and they cut out the simpsons jokes and
stop freaking editing out old star wars
movies the guido
did i say guido
scoundrels that's a different one
scoundrels
rumors are starting to percolate
regarding nvidia's upcoming seven
nanometer ampere gpus with the latest
information saying that we could peep
them in march at gtc the gpus were
apparently going to be announced earlier
but were delayed for undisclosed reasons
i mean who knows what's going on in
jensen's head or jean jacket pocket
just constant screaming and it's time to
have courage because the chromium-based
brave web browser is officially
launching as version 1.0 brave
automatically blocks trackers and
invasive ads it claims to be faster than
vanilla chrome and is apparently going
to pay users to see ads in the future
what a waste of time it's not every day
that i get excited about a browser you
know but
that money is certainly getting me close
all right that's enough come back on
friday for more tech news when we're
gonna know more about what's going on
than you do
hopefully that's the way it should be
what's going on right now